---
layout: post
title:  Into the woods
date:   2020-08-30 16:50:52 +0200
---

Here it goes, this little short tale was written by me during my last year at collegue, while i had to attend to some lectures in english with foreign students. I had written before that period, but this piece was the first one i like, it was short and to the point and had some punch. I tried to correct as many typos I found, but some may have gone under the radar. Hope you enjoy.


*INTO THE WOODS*

Alkarl Ratz, who was never called Ratz but Alkarl the Rat, was in the woods. But his woods weren't any like as our own woods. They called them the woods but there wasn't a tree or any single shade of green. It was a massive complex of pipes, conducts and corridors below the surface of the city, crawled with dust, oil and ancient machinery which purpose was longly forgotten. Just a detritus of the old days of the colony.

Alkarl was crawling in a conduct long enough his flashlight could not pierce the darkness at the end. Only a few inches separeted his head from the pipes above. As he advanced the dust and heat attacked his skin and body, long drops of sweet slided trough the forehead. "I'm not comming back" repeated to himself constantly, "If i gonna die, i would rather die my way". Of course he wasn't going to "die", he was not one of that skavs that risk thenselves pass the wall of the colony, that was nutts and useless. But his work at the mills and solar panels would kill himself certainly, not now, but he calculated that with 20 years of breathing dust and soil his lungs would give up. He had seen people in that state, forced to abandon labour and reducted to no more than parias, usually taking their own lives away for not standing the pain cause no medicines where given. This, scavenging in the woods was far less dangerous, but with luck, he could find something interesting, sell it to the technicians above and retire, no need to destroy his lungs with dust. But it was not a walk in the park at all, he could fall and break his neck, get lost in the meze, get ambushed by other scavengers on gangers, he could die in many horrible ways. At last he saw the end of the conduct.

Before reaching the exit, he stoped and look to his map in attached to his arm. If the directions given to him where correct, he was at the place. He smiled and take a sip from the canteen. He xited the conduct, drawed his blade and proceeded to move forward. The room was a huge circle, cables and devasted pipes hang from the low ceiling. The place was full of garbage like scap metal and electronic stuff. A good scavenger would make a little fortun with this, but he wasn't here to grab that rubish. When he had make sure that the room was safe, despite not knowing well were end it, he spent the next hour searching for it. As the time passed, he started to panic, thinking he wouldn't find it, the air filters would son round out, and the mortal dust, mixed with other the devil know what, would start to kill him. Finally, in his worst moment of despair, he found it. The suit was laying on a pile of garbage, like a king sitting his tohne. The helment was off, partially destroyed let beside the armor. He felt a chill when his stare crossed the dead viewfinder. Full of dust and rusted blood, the armor had many holes and sharp cuts, whoever whore it probably had a really bad time. While examining the suit, he noticed the badge in the arm. Despite the soil, the colors where still visible. It was a solid circle of blue, Ratz thought it represented a planet, with a dark background and little red star above. The motto was writen with letter he never had seen. "LEX TALIONIS" stated. One of the empty gloves still hold it the blade. And we he saw that blade his eyes fill with joy. The grip was simple and full of the same strange letters, the blade was of a strange color he could not identify, but the flashlight did not trow away any shade. He grabed the blade. He heard sounds behind him.

There was two of them wearing in black clothes and with masks and visors, the eyes where projecting a yellow glow. They blades where drawed poiting at Ratz.

"So the old man was right, you found it, a shame for you" Said one of them with a hollow voice product of the mask.

"Danm they all, that liar bastard also told them" Thought Ratz.

"You know, the old folks tell that once in a while" He opened the arms making a cross. "All this place, the structure of the woods changes, and the rats get trapped inside, get lost, and die."

He knew was going to die, but he would not sell cheap his life. The buzz sound betray the two, they were wearing an energy shiled, he not. Instinctively, grabed the ancient sword an entered in a combat stance.

"Vir kaedo!" Shouted one of them as he trhust his blade looking for Ratz's neck or hearth. But he just teared the air. Ratz, moving as fast as his age permited to him, made a quick turn to the right and entered the guard of his enemy. He looked for a spot to penetrate the shield, he made a short slice cut hoping to at least distract the man an gain some space, as the other one probably would attack him from the back. For his surprise, the ancient blade cut clean trough the shield and then riped apart the armor and the fleash. He noticed how the blade got stucked in the man's ribs. The screams where horrible but nothing he couldn't stand, he had seen man and women wounded by windmills or falling in a air shaft. The marauder fell, blood splatered a cross the ground. The other one did not wait, again he tried to catch Ratz off guard. Both of them danced a cross the room. An awkard dance as they run into the gargabe. The marauder was really quick, with two knifes managed to surpass Ratz's defenses and parries, he made profound cuts in his arms and hands from which blood flew. In a desesperate move, Ratz landed and elbow in the visor of the marauder, disorienting him and pierced the shield with the ancient sword, cutting the marauders head without any resistance. The body fell lifeless. Ratz smile with the victory, he would manage to return back to the surface and make himself a rich man. What kind of weapon was that that could pierce shields without heating or breaking, that was imposible at leat with the technology he knew. And then he realised the knife grip geeting out from his chest. All hope was lost for him. He couldn't think of how ironic was to die in that way. His legs failed and he fell to the ground. Then, he crawled painfully until he reached the armor at his trohne. With the last light of his broken sight and flashlight, he saw another incription in the suit, there was scratched on the chest in a lenguage he could understand this time: "Here lies Alia Luca, commander of the Talion, her work acomplished and her rest earned". He smiled, "Now he has someone to make company". As his sight and strenght faded away, his last thoughts were for his comrades.

